Camp Wallace in San Antonio.
And the trainee of the OGCC that shot the best score in the rifle was getting orders to go up to this famous camp up in Illinois, I think.
They were participating in the National Rifle Bill.
And I won at the bullets and had my orders cut.
And the next day they were rescinded because we had agreed to let the British Commando Force become trained there.
That was an outstanding disappointment.
I think I can understand.
Let's go back to final review.
Your parents came.
Any other special people?
And then describe commencement.
Was commencement held at Guyon?
Do you remember who the speaker was?
Every name was called.
Every hand shaken.
Let's see, was Reveille around then?
We had the original Reveille.
Describe the original Reveille.
The original Reveille was a curveball.
Wasn't really a beautiful college.
But just like somebody on great personality.
He was all over the campus all the time.
Did Reveley pre-date your arrival?
Was Reveley on the campus when you arrived as a freshman?
I'm not sure whether he had been that year or not, but it wouldn't have been more than three years before.
Who took care of Reveley then?
I think one of the more when the infantry took care of him.
But he won it all.
He literally did?
Yeah.
People always told me to jump to the emperor.
See, at that time...
J. Harold Dunn.
Was he a student?
Uh, let's see.
Oh, how good, how good.
Silver Taps.
Where was that held?
Describe it.
And the buglers?
Did the ceremony change as far as you know through the years?
Well, of course, I attended some of those men code.
Everybody died.
And then we almost had several caps for each individual.
Most of the time you knew them.
All right, student diversity.
Were there any Hispanic students?
Did y'all identify them in any way different from the others?
No, not really.
Did they have, they didn't... Were there some Mexican-Americans?
What about Jewish students?
Did y'all have a special reference title for them?
Were there many international students?
Where were they from primarily?
Mexico.
Alright, we got two more questions then.
As you're getting ready to leave with your degree, what kind of world did you think you were entering?
What did you think was ahead of it?
All right.
After the Army, what did you think you were going to do?
Well, I had a job at that time.
Did they give you any indication what your pay would be with Humble?
Did they come to the campus to do anything?
Now what was your pay as a Second Lieutenant?
And you had a three-year obligation or two?
I don't really know.
You had a contract?
Yeah.
About how many remained in the Corps their junior and senior year?
Did everybody?
Well, the people weren't, you know, they weren't they students.
All the sophomores are continuing on.
They've been attritioned each year.
All right, then the important question.
What did it mean to you, your life, that you went to Texas A&M?
It's probably the most important thing in certain young life.
Why?
Why did you develop this deep love and gratitude for A&M?
A&M gave me an opportunity to develop whatever talents I had.
And you know, you get older, you recommend that.
And you see kids that are following, and they may have a direction.
And some I know, even now, they're physical A&M's and they get a better direction than I can.
And students I see going somewhere, who worships me.
I'm not alone in sharing the fact that they were very important.
And then the fellowship and the willingness to help.
Let's see, that's the important one I forgot.
Do you know anything about the TT's and any other supposed secret fraternities when you were there?
Maybe three four guys got together and said, you can do something with it.
Most of the elections are all the head court elections.
I think these were the archery and the infantry, .
.
What was the most prestigious appointment or selection or election that an undergraduate could have?
Did you by chance know Woody Varner?
He's a class ahead of you.
Durwood T. Varner from Cottonwood, Texas.
Let's quit there.